and with the arrival of warmer weather
it's time for Ginty to get the marmosets
out of their winter quarters this is for
the people in Mama's ex it's a bit of
their breakfast and we're gonna release
them today they come out they stay in a
winter and then we let them out about
may time looking sunny and let them out
a little bit all this greenery which is
very nice when you see them all so much
basically Mama's s are the smallest
primate in the world so it's quite good
for me I work with the largest primary
and the smallest primate they're very
small they're about I'm so big even
adults I said that by that big it's
better look nice really I can't see them
very well because it's a small hello
Columbia and Rio are used to a much
warmer climate in their native South
America which is why they spend the
winter indoors
this is that big moment been shut in for
five months just gonna put something on
on the tree to tent them out I don't wet
lovely nice
alright guys let the truth